[MUSIC]
My name is Parisa and I'm a vice president
of engineering and lead the Chrome Team.
So as General manager of the Chrome Team,
I lead a team of engineers and
product managers and
designers around the world who actually
build Chrome and
keep all of our users safe.
I think accessibility is important
to all aspects of technology, and
when we think about its relevance for
cybersecurity, you know, we ultimately
want to keep everybody safe.
I think of accessibility as making
information, activities, or
even environments meaningful, sensible,
usable to as many people as possible.
And when we're talking about this in
a technology standpoint, it's usually
about making information or services
available to people with disabilities.
Decisions we make based on our own
abilities to enhance security can
actually be ineffective.
For example, you'll sometimes
see the color red used for
indication of a warning.
Well, for somebody who's colorblind, like
that is going to be ineffective.
And so really thinking about accessibility
when we're trying to keep people safe is
super important for them to be effective.
I've worked in the space of security for
a really long time.
And I do see some parallels
between the spaces.
I've really been able to see innovation
driven when you're trying to solve
a very specific security problem or
a specific accessibility problem.
Closed Captioning was originally
designed and built to help people
with hearing impairments, but
it ends up helping everybody.
For people who are new to the field of
cybersecurity, it's just really important
to remember that there's a range of
abilities that you are wanting to serve.
It's so important to get user research and
feedback and a range of abilities
in terms of testing the effectiveness
of your security mitigations.
I know it was scary for me early on.
I didn't look like everybody else.
I really struggled with
whether I belonged.
Finding people who could be mentors,
having the courage to ask questions and
recognize that you're rarely
the only person with that question.
And just sort of persevering through,
sometimes hard moments can
lead to breakthroughs and
also just growing confidence.
And one of the things I've
learned is me having a different
background than other people in
this space was my own superpower.
Instead of focusing on the delta between
what I was and what the norm was in
the room, I should feel a lot of
pride in what made me unique and
what unique skills and
perspective I brought to the table.